Docs: Clarify Build Watch Workflow (#35357)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/cli-options.mdx

| `--enable-crash-reports`        | Enables sending crash reports to Storybook's telemetry. Learn more about it [here](../configure/telemetry.mdx#crash-reports-disabled-by-default).<br />`storybook build --enable-crash-reports`                                                |
| `--preview-only`                | Skips Storybook's manager from building and produces a "preview only" app, which is designed to be used in [unsupported browsers](../sharing/publish-storybook.mdx#build-storybook-for-older-browsers). <br />`storybook build --preview-only` |

> <Callout variant="info">
> 
> `storybook build` does not include a built-in watch mode. For normal development, use
> `storybook dev` so Storybook updates in the browser as your source files change. If your workflow
> must repeatedly rebuild static output, run `storybook build` from a file watcher such as
> [`nodemon`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon):
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "scripts": {
>     "build-storybook:watch": "nodemon --watch src --exec 'storybook build'"
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> </Callout>

Reviewer: @ishaanlabs-gg we have a bit of room for improvement here. When you're able, can you adjust this to the following

```suggestion
<Callout variant="info">

The `build` command generates a production-ready build of your Storybook and does not watch for changes in your project. We recommend the [`dev`](#dev) command for development purposes, as it provides live reloading and a more efficient workflow. If you rely on the static output of the `build` command for development, you may want to consider using a tool like [`nodemon`](https://npmx.dev/package/nodemon) to watch your project for changes and automatically trigger a Storybook rebuild. For example, you can run `nodemon --watch src --exec 'storybook build'` to automatically rebuild Storybook when source files change.

</Callout>
```
